Hi there — welcome to the Maydeni AI family.
Running a field team can be tough,
so we built this training to make it easier.
It all starts with a vision.
Maydeni AI is the work of Dr. Slim Lamouchi —
a Doctor of Pharmacy with a passion for AI.
He founded Elyesio to put next-gen technology
at the heart of your success.
This isn't just software.
It's a true co-pilot.
Take a look — it's that simple.
Your dashboard brings together 19 sections,
purpose-built for the way you work.
Every data point is useful
and ready to act on.
Overview — everything that matters,
at a glance.
Live Map — stay close to your agents,
even from afar.
Predictive AI — where the magic happens.
We forecast your revenue and score your prospects,
so you decide faster and smarter.
What you've just seen is only a taste.
The full technical training — the one that turns
you into a true expert — waits right after purchase.
Once your access is confirmed,
we can't wait to see you thrive.